Template Files:
  Layout: 
    This file is holding all the base elements for the other html files. it has Bootstrap CDN, static css link, and favicon. There is if statements for navigation bar for authenticated user and body part which is related with index page.
  Index:
    This file is related with the what user is CRUD area which relay on kanban board with drag&drop functionality of html5. File starts with the extends of layout.html and followed by loading static which is css and other link elements that described above. 'drag-container' classed div has 'ul' element which class named as 'drag-list' and it has 4 'li' elements. Each 'li' element is belongs to each table, so 4 'li' element represents 4 table that are Started, Proceeding, Completed and Cancelled. The problem in this scenario; mostly companies want to track the project, works they hold so in this project I emphasized to solve this problem that is the reason as well why I believe my project satisfies the distinctiveness and complexity requirements. And also we have not done project with drag&drop functinolity. User may add the new work that s/he want to add on the each stage(technically in each table of database). companies dont want to delete any data from database because of historical records that may be helpful for the reporting in advance. I have used HTML attributes to call and send some data to send Javascript file so I did not used mostly addEventListener in .js(refers to javascript file). for eample, onclick="showInputBox(2)" is the function name at js and 2 is the column number which is the represent of Completed table in database. I believe I have descriptive comment lines in all project files for further analysis of mine as introducting myself in future. at the bottom of html file, there is script tag to reference .js file.
  Login/Register:
    This pages are describe itself I believe. so I want to save your times, thank you for your understanding.
Static Files:
  styles.css:
    Is the CSS file that style all the html files excempt login/register pages, they are under unders styling of Bootstrap. At this file I imported some google fonts to syle texts. Assigned some color to :root element so that could be easly can change colors, each html column(or "li" tag) has its own color. in this file I used some media queries to make website application mobile responsive design.
  apps.js:
    This file is the front end managing for browser, back-end is controlled by django framework. while writing javascript i tried to use ES6 type scripting as I could as possible, sos I firstly started with selecting and getting elements and assining them to const for each of them. I tried to follow DRY(Dont-Repeat-Yourself) procedure but to understand procedures of functions and clear debugging I wrote some functions repeatedly such as loading data has individual four function for four table in database. for example load_stage_proceeding() function is kind of async function that is fetching data from proceeding table. the point in here that i had to follow is "await" keyword as "async" keyword is used before "function" word, by the way using await keyword is more clean way to write code if fetching is not so complicated. the another point in here; is the creating "li" elements in async function, that is the reason of why created items are not looking as ordered as compared to synchronized script. I also like to mention that I used "try" and "catch" statements in order to catch error in any case at fetching part. I got some help from w3schools.com for researching drag and drop functionality on html, that comes to "drag" and "allowDrop" function which are taking event as argument. "dragEnter(column)" is getting its argument from index.html attributes. I also had to specify what will be happend when the item dragged on column and let the column can accept the dragged item, so this jobs are done by "drop" and "rebuildArrays" functions. I firstly used array method in javascript and then jsonize data to related tables but in this way each dragged item is shown as square brackets("[]") that represents array, that was my mistake and finally i understand that was wrong way to do this project. At "rebuildArrays()" function is getting data from HTML file to send it server which is django part, but before to leave .js section i would love to emphasize, this fetching is under for loop as much as column has item which is lenght of that column, this part can be improved at future in DRY way. "hideInputBox/showInputBox" function is doing job to hide and make visible buttons at related div to add/save button which are specified in index.html. and add button function calls "addToColumn(column)" function which is sending data to dhango to save in related table, to use this functionality I used fetching way. and to use DRY way i used "column" argument to specify which data from html is related with which table, and switch/case statements to decide.
Python Files:
  views.py:
    This file contains most the back-end commands in django framework which is python language is used. We do start by importing neccessary libraries. These functions are called by .js file and they taking part of CRUD application with database. the thing i should emphasized here is at the algrithm I used True/False boolean field in each table to decide which data is to be deleted or not at the back end by filtering. when loading data from database its updating by "False" so they become ready to be deleted, and new added data is flagged by "True" to be not deleted immediatelly. for example, "proceedingNew_stage()" function is fired by dropping item from column to column and new saving item is flagged by "True" at the related field and its deleting "False" flagged data from database. but when request.method is GET, datas are flagged by "False" that is "load_stage(request)" job to do by "update" state.
  urls.py:
    Is used to routing django functionality, for example "load_stage" is fire to load_stage function at views.py
    and of course importing python libraries are important in here as well.
  models.py:
    Contains the table of the database. In this project I have created four different tables except django built-in User table which is "AbstractUser". For example, "class Started(models.Model):" represents Started table in database, which contains such as "user", "modiedDate" and etc. "user" field has the relationship with the "User" table that why its assigned as "ForeignKey". 
  admin.py:
    It is used for the "admin" page that can be controlled database with its field and values under superuser administration.
How to run application:
    There is no need any extra libraries, anyone can run application by starting django server by locally in my case with using "vscode terminal" to run the application command is; python manage.py runserver


